[Doc] Update docs for efa (#5471)
skypilot-org/skypilot: docs/source/reference/training-guide.rst

      A100-80GB:1  
      H100:1  

> Use EFA

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use high-performance networking
```

Author: Updated

~~~~~~~

> Elastic Fabric Adapter (EFA) is a network interface for Amazon EC2 instances that enables users to run applications requiring high levels of inter-node communications at scale on AWS. You can enable EFA on AWS HyperPod/EKS clusters with a simple additional setting in your SkyPilot YAML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AWS Elastic Fabric Adapter (EFA) is a network interface similar to Nvidia Infiniband that enables users to run applications requiring high levels of inter-node communications at scale on AWS. You can enable EFA on AWS HyperPod/EKS clusters with a simple additional setting in your SkyPilot YAML.
```

Author: Updated

> AWS Elastic Fabric Adapter (EFA) is a network interface similar to Nvidia Infiniband that enables users to run applications requiring high levels of inter-node communications at scale on AWS. You can enable EFA on AWS HyperPod/EKS clusters with a simple additional setting in your SkyPilot YAML.

Reviewer: With the GCP GPU direct merged, could we make this two tabs, one for `AWS EFA` and another for `GCP GPUDirect TCPX`, and each include the instruction for setting the specific networking?

Author: Updated

Example configuration:

.. code-block:: yaml

  config:
    kubernetes:
      pod_config:
        spec:
          containers:
          - resources:
              limits:
                vpc.amazonaws.com/efa: 4
              requests:
                vpc.amazonaws.com/efa: 4

> See `EFA example <https://docs.skypilot.co/en/latest/examples/training/aws_efa.html>`_ for more details.

Reviewer: minor: Use `:ref:` isntead of link

Author: Updated

Author: The generated md files do not have label to refer to, and I updated the link to the GitHub directory. Should we update the `generate_examples.py` to generate reference label for each md file?
